Add a note about how to use "okteto build" without an okteto manifest (#209)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/cli.mdx

$ okteto build [service...]
```

> > You can use the `-f` flag to refer to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` works without having an okteto manifest, in a similar way to `docker build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use the `-f` flag to refer to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` works without having an [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/), in a similar way to `docker build`.
```

> > You can use the `-f` flag to refer to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` works without having an [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/), in a similar way to `docker build`.

Reviewer 2: Put this at the end of the ###build section?

> > You can use the `-f` flag to refer to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` works without having an [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/), in a similar way to `docker build`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>  You can also use the `-f` to point to a Dockerfile. In this mode, `okteto build` will ignore your Okteto manifest, and directly build the image defined in the Dockerfile. Use this to build images that are not defined on your [Okteto manifest](https://www.okteto.com/docs/reference/manifest/). 
```
